Story
  I'm a full-stack data analyst constantly striving to learn. I'm a passionate member of the R community, because it's not only a place to learn great data skills, it also welcomes beginners with open arms, particularly seeking to uplift members of marginalized groups across variances in ethnicity, race, culture, gender, and sexuality. I enjoy every step of data analysis, from the rough data wrangling, to refining the visual details of a plot, to writing up the language that gives data context and helps it tell a story. A couple topics I feel strongly about are organization and documentation. In my time at BCBSMS, I've streamlined many projects to improve efficiency and accuracy, as well as writing up detailed documentation to make it simple to transition between members of the team.

Leadership projects:
  EDGE Server
  Rating/Underwriting
  Pharmacy rebates
  Variety of smaller projects where I trained the next analyst
 
Company's needs
  Data analysis
  Develop small data team
  Communication
  Interpret real-world data
  Guide vision
  Shepherd standards and processes
  Answer questions
  User behavior
  R/SQL
  Lucid, engaging prose + tables/viz
  Dashboards, reports, pipelines
  Read application code/databases

Dealt with conflict
  Group needed, e.g. 15%
  VP of Sales said 10%
  I really thought 15 was appropriate
  In meeting, since my responsibility is rating, I voiced my concern
  We disagreed, chief actuary went with Sales, I accepted
  Later, I discussed with chief actuary, he pointed out some information I hadn't considered, and I changed my position

  Dealing with conflict with kids?

Short term goals
  Find or build an analytics dept with a more modern tech stack
  Specifically, build out around R, SQL, and Git/Github
  Grow people management skills, while creating an environment of diversity and inclusion that encourages a wide variety of perspectives

Long term goals
  Grow and develop in the R community
  Develop writing/speaking skills
  Find or build an analytics dept that is both using and contributing to the open source R community

Strengths
  Focus
  Learn new things
  Get along well with people

Weaknesses
  Not asking for help
  

A time I failed
  A few months into my current job, I was doing a monthly update to a claims dashboard for some of our groups. Our portion of the update was built in Excel, across multiple files. A cell in an upstream file moved, and when I updated downstream, I didn't catch it. I also did not submit it for review before pushing updated data out to the dashboard. Once I discovered the error, I notified the Chief Actuary and owned up to the error, but not before it had an external impact. It really helped impress upon me the importance of checks in your work. Whether those are thoughtfully designed, automated checks that alert you to anomalies, or live review by someone with more domain knowledge than you, it's important to have some backup on data quality.

Biggest professional achievement
  The risk adjustment program requires health insurance issuers to submit claims information to the federal government. The government determines risk disparities between issuers, then transfers funds to account for risk differences. These payments can run into the millions of dollars for a single line of business. When I inherited the data QA of this process, there was little clear ownership of the different pieces. After I took ownership of scheduling, coordination between departments, and quality assurance of the data, we got ahead of regulatory deadlines, had a more robust checking process, and ultimately saved millions of dollars each year by getting a more clear picture of our risk.

Leadership style

Questions
  This would be my first official people management position. What kind of internal support & mentorship is there?
  Data practice was described as nascent, but there are some data products on the site.
    What data infrastructure is already built?
    Are there data people already in the company doing that work?
    What vision do you have for this department?
  Is this purely internal analytics, or will it be building external products too?
  What's your favorite position you've held?
    I've heard a lot about the importance of moving and staying fresh in the startup community, what's kept you with Bandcamp for 13 years?
  What kind of conference support is there?
  What made you decide to start a company? Why Bandcamp in particular?
  What short- and long-term goals do you have for the company?
  What keeps you going on difficult days?
  What kind of work expectations pervade at Bandcamp?
  What is the performance review process like? What metrics or goals will my performance be evaluated against?
  What do you hope for this position to accomplish in the first month/quarter/year/
  Everything I read and hear about Bandcamp sounds almost more like a movement than a company. What keeps the movement going?
  What are some company-wide goals, and how do you see this team contributing to them?

Close
  Is there anything that concerns you about my background being a fit for this role?
  What are the next steps in the interview process?
  Is there anything else I can provide you with that would be helpful?
  Can I answer any final questions for you?
  What are the next steps in the interview process?
